chore: beefy rewards description (#210)
divvi-xyz/docs: docs/protocol/rewards.md

## Beefy

> Divvi distributes 100% of incremental harvest revenue of each referral

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Divvi distributes **100% of incremental harvest revenue** of each referral
```
some extra flare

> to the referrer. For example, if the My App refers Pat and Pat deposits
> liquidity in a Beefy vault, then Divvi will reward all yield Beefy
> harvests from Pat's liquidity to My App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the referrer. For example, if My App refers user *0x123* and the user *0x123* deposits
liquidity in a Beefy vault, then Divvi will reward all yield Beefy
harvests from user *0x123's* liquidity to My App.
```
I think Pat is confusing and a user address is clearer.
